# 3A | Identification and Authentication Failures - Broken Auth.
Just like the saying, researchers don’t manufacture vulnerabilities and they can be found anywhere, that is the case of 3A – It was around the second half of 2020 when we discovered in the processes of troubleshooting one of the 3A’s product subscription that prompted us to download the product mobile app from Google Play Store for the first time. A mix-up/mistake in the Access Card Number supplied led to the mobile app granting access to another user’s account. This means the authentication mechanism is not combining both the Surname or Mobile Number with Access Card Number to verify users. In simple terms, any Surname will grant you access to an account if the Access card Number supplied into the app is correct.

What can an attacker do from this dashboard, we don’t know but the first thing that came to mind is to maliciously use this information for social engineering against the owner of the account, by pretending to be from 3A thereby damaging the reputation of the company. The number of personally identifiable information for the would-be attacker is enormous to trick users into believing that such a call is emanating from 3A.

At the point of notification, we recommend that 3A should engage developers to address the authentication bypass vulnerability identified on all platforms to fix all identified issues as well as proper security assessment including DPIA should be conducted to identify issues like this before and after pushing to production.
This identified vulnerability exposes millions of customers’ Personally Identifiable Information across several African countries currently being served by 3A. Our notification/report has since helped prevent possible exploits by malicious attackers, customers' information being compromised, stolen and manipulated rendering the integrity of customer’s data on Web and Mobile Platform used null and void. Our findings also pointed to some other 3A products that were affected, our primal purpose is collaboration in cybersecurity through responsible vulnerability disclosure, where others are. All our findings are from publicly accessible information, no form of penetration attempt was carried out.
